hi everyone I'm chawan for notebooks our
comment in this video we're going to go
ahead and compare the screen brightness
of the Samsung Droid Charge which uses a
super amoled plus display against the
LCD display of the HTC Thunderbolt seen
here in the center and on the right hand
side the LCD display of the retina
display powered iphone 4 for AT&T the
super amoled plus display offers very
deep blacks and vibrant colors although
some users may complain that the play
colors are a little bit over saturated
the display is actually turned down
right now a little bit so we're going to
go ahead and turn it up and take it
through its paces let's go ahead and go
into brightness and if you crank up the
display you'll see me right away how
bright it is so this is how it compares
to the HTC Thunderbolt the Thunderbolt
doesn't seem as bright as the droid
charge on the left hand side and then
against the iphone 4 unfortunately I
don't have a regular AMOLED or Super
AMOLED display to test out the droid
charge against but once we get a device
with either of those screens in we'll go
ahead and update the video and the post
to reflect that on gotta be mobile and
on notebooks calm let's go outdoors now
for the outdoor screen tests under the
bright sunlight so now that we're
outdoors under direct sunlight and not
in the shade I don't know if the video
can pick it up but the super amoled plus
display here on the left on the Droid
Charge actually doesn't seem as washed
out as the LCD display on the HTC
Thunderbolt d thunderbolt and the LCD
display on the iphone 4 are both
viewable under direct sunlight but both
are a little bit more washed out than
the super amoled plus display which
still shows deep blacks and vibrant
colors let's go ahead and take a look at
them closer you can see here that the
droid charges display is still a little
bit brighter than the LCD display on the
Thunderbolt and when compared to the
iphone 4 you'll notice the same effects
again I'm chung win and thanks for
watching this video and stay tuned to
notebooks not comment gotta be mobile
for additional content